Inject:Hospital administrators have notified your office that a large number of the community members have come to the hospital seeking shelter. These people are unaware if there are any shelters set up and where they might be. The hospital is not able to accommodate the sudden influx of community members and are seeking your help in assisting those looking for shelter and communicating where people can get assistance. 
Display
Option:Establish a shelter
Result:Shelter established!  What is the first thing to do next?
Option:Don't do anything. Instead, allow the hospital to address the flow of people
Result:With their current level of staffing and people coming in seeking shelter, there is a higher "patient" to worker ratio than what is acceptable. Therefore, the standard of care for patients in the hospital have gone down. 
Display
Intervals:0^2/2^4
Option:Contact DOT for map of area
Result:The DOT is providing you with a topographic map of the area, so you can determine the best shelter location according to elevation, current building location, and street intersections. 
Option:Have a location picked
Result:Rather than spending extra time, looking at a map of the area for potential flooding, an option was chosen for you. The shelter will be set up at a school that is able to house a large number of people, but is near a river and there is potential for flooding to carry down the river. 
Option:Do not set up an external shelter
Result:While the hospital is not happy with the decision and the workers are becoming overwhelmed, they will do their best to accommodate the steady increase of both patients and those seeking shelter from the flooding. 	
Option:Contact Red Cross to help set up a secondary shelter location
Result:The Red Cross is happy to assist in the set up and running of a shelter for the area. After looking at a topographic map of the area and high density areas, they are able to designate their top pick for a shelter and will work to get it created. Because of the flooding, a majority of the public transportation systems are down and not everyone can easily access said shelter. 
Display
Intervals:0^2/2^4/4^6/6^8
OptionEnd^2:Start transporting people at the hospital first, then fulfill logistical needs once everybody is there
Result:People have arrived at the new shelter, but since you have not gotten the needed materials, there are many upset without basic necessities and are sleeping on the hard concrete floor. 
OptionEnd^1:Fulfill logistical needs first, then send people to the shelter after some supplies have arrived 
Result:The Hospital will notify any incoming people seeking shelter of the new location. They have also issued a press release for you sharing to the public the information. Since you planned ahead, found a location on higher ground, and worked to find logistical support for the shelter before people came, you have enough supplies to assist those seeking shelter.
OptionEnd^4:Start transporting people at the hospital first, then fulfill logistical needs once everybody is there
Result:Unfortunately as was predicted, the potential for flooding turned into actuality. All individuals who are in the shelter are now faced with flooding into the building. They are requiring evacuation to another facility. 
OptionEnd^3:Fulfill logistical needs first, then send people to the shelter after some supplies have arrived 
Result:While the situation could have been worse, because you chose to select a location that could face flooding, you did lose the supplies needed to run the shelter and now it will be delayed 3 more days. Luckily no people were seeking shelter there yet, so nobody was injured. 
OptionEnd^8:Close the hospital to non-patients	
Result:While you may have ensured that no additional people came into the hospital, the plan backfired when it came to the care of the community. It forced EMS to travel an additional 10 min to a secondary hospital and community members who only knew the hospital as a “safe” location cannot enter and are forced to do their best in their homes. 
OptionEnd^7:Establish a “in-hospital shelter” and request volunteers
Result:People are flooding into the hospital since it's what they know. By not establishing a full blown shelter, this temporary fix can only last so long before people become overwhelmed or resources become overused.
OptionEnd^6:Issue press release telling people to come on their own
Result:Despite issuing a press release giving people the location and important information regarding the shelter, because the public transportation system is not in function, only a small percentage of the population seeking shelter actually showed up. The rest are doing their best in the floodplain areas. 
OptionEnd^5:Contact External resources to get vehicles to transport
Result:Because you contacted external resources to get vehicles to transport members of the community seeking shelter, it provided them a means of getting to a safer location and by working with the Red Cross, this shelter will be maintained for a longer duration of time. 
Display